well this is Chris friends from
SlashGear there's looking at that take a
look at the exam son Galaxy Tab 2 7.0
there's two different versions of this
Galaxy Tab one being a 10 inch version
this one being the 7-inch version mostly
similar to the original Galaxy Tab which
was also 7 inches this one has a 3
megapixel camera on the back on the side
you got a micro SD card slot so you can
insure big rememory there on top you
have mic hole as well as a place for
your headphones on this side you have an
IR blaster that means you connect this
to your TV works with infrared so I'm
going to tell your other regular remote
does you have your volume knob here and
power button there back is the samsung
has left but FCC information and then
the front you have Samsung logo and a
front facing camera there as well now
the cool thing about this tablet is not
that it has the biggest best screen in
the world now that it's the most
high-powered device on earth and in fact
it's a dual-core processor from OMAP
it's an old map from Texas Instruments
at 1 gigahertz but it has services
galore knowing you got a music hub here
game hub everything from Samsung you've
got a few different widgets here like
your weather would you from AccuWeather
yahoo news and things like Amazon and
then peeled and now peel smart remote
works with your TV through this remote
allows you to change channels pretty
simple and pretty cool
it also has Ice Cream Sandwich across
the whole thing this is the newest
version of Android 4.0 Ice Cream
Sandwich running TouchWiz UX that's a
touch wiz made by Samsung uses our face
made specifically for tablets but
upgraded here through with Ice Cream
Sandwich
so what you're seeing here opening all
at once in the menu here is you're able
to work with everything from Wi-Fi GPS
notifications you turn the airplane mode
you're gonna work with your brightness
here go to your settings you can play
music from here you can go ahead
second pretty cool come from the bottom
here by the way speakers in the cottage
- there we go
we have Auburn no locations here like I
just kind of sandwich two other vices
were able to knock these off like so
it also Clearmont like touching that
there we are we also have recent apps
tap that there we can knock these out as
well go to our gallery there we can also
go to task manager from here it's unique
to this device so far from here we will
to work with our storage a ram check
bone which we downloaded and check out
publications from here as well
that's upgraded for Ice Cream Sandwich
on this device specifically now down
below you have several applications that
are able to pop up above anything else
you have on the screen this is not new
to this device but it works extremely
slick compared to what we've seen in the
past from the same sort of situation
with TouchWiz now this is the same thing
we're just looking at with music and go
ahead and play it and this sits on top
of whatever you have open so you can
open at inside other apps pause that
about here we have several screens up
here you can put whatever you want to
them we can go down here to check we
have these apps right out of the box do
everything from your s plan are there
sound like some X apps those wraps put
there by Samsung that works specifically
well with these devices you have video
maker and player here you can see some
of that the videos we have wandered so
far it's an example that you'll see also
in a review once you watch rest up there
you see this is a new interface as well
for Ice Cream Sandwich on all these
screens you have this extra little
button here that allow you to take a
screenshot wherever you are right from
there it'll open up and you can draw on
it use like that
pretty cool other apps you have our
Netflix that's
for this for the tablet interface very
recently music player photo editor
you've got navigator and polaris office
cells are pretty common for recent
devices that have popped up recently an
Android world you have Dropbox front of
the box gallery camera and then things
like all share and chat on these are
Samsung affiliated apps chat on we
reviewed on /script before all share
also it allows you to share very easily
with the other devices you got in your
house this devices connects very well to
other Samsung devices especially with
all share and you can use it to control
your TV control your stereo whatever you
like so that's it for the most part I'm
just going to show you one last thing
the screen saver comes with the devices
you do not need a screen saver for
modern devices of course but take a look
at it anyway
what you're seeing here it's probably
what you're gonna see this device
sitting in store it'll have this running
on it so looks rather nice check out the
rest of you